Add IP filtering feature in serverless release notes (#2763)
elastic/docs-content: release-notes/elastic-cloud-serverless/index.md

* Enhances the integrations overview by rendering an accordion for sample events in Data ingestion and Fleet [#228799]({{kib-pull}}228799)
* Displays related dashboard tags directly in the {{obs-serverless}} UI [#228902]({{kib-pull}}228902)
* Adds the `kibana.alert.grouping` field to {{esql}} rule definitions [#228580]({{kib-pull}}228580)

> * IP filtering is now available. Add IP filter policies to your Elastic Cloud Serverless projects to restrict incoming traffic to specific IP addresses or CIDR blocks.

Reviewer: I'd prob reword this to match the style

```suggestion
* Adds support for ingress IP filters. IP filter policies allow you to restrict traffic coming into your project to specific IP addresses or CIDR blocks.
```
